for issue 1, find the best solution for the bug. and implement it well while still taking into account the rest of the project

for issue 2, uncomment the blog page.

for issue 3, ensure the whole code understands that we will permanently use port 5005. until published

for issue 4, do the same, and make it route to port 5005

For issue 5, review all the codes for the duplicates and only keep the final best one as server.js

 for issue 6, do as you have suggested and make the changes

for issue 7, the code in errorhandler.js exists for a reason, let us use that instead for the code. make the changes to any files that can route their error handling to it

for issue 8, make sure that the files are used and remove any unnecessary hard coding in the individual files. do the same for any file that has the same issue.

for issue 9, as long as i can still access it at localhost 3000, then its fine to use the react router. and if not, explain how it will work. and how i shall deploy it

for issue 10, find the best solution for that and implement it. as long as my structure remains and the look of the UI is still crisp.

for issue 11, include loding skeletons to make it look professional. ensure to implement them well

for issue 12, include the best error states for all the necessry files

for issue 13, enable it fully.

for issue 14, do the necessary with the image placeholder. find the best solution and implement it

for issue 15, implement the <link> and make it functional to the best level

for issue 16, implement the uncalled security package

for issue 17, remove the fallbacks for security purposes. and once again, ensure the final server js file is "server.js" and make sure all other code files understand that

for issue 18, the .env file is indeed included in the .gitignore as: # environment files
**/.env
**/.env.local
**/.env.development.local
**/.env.test.local
**/.env.production.local

my own improvements:

I want a more interactive UI and a more nice looking on, that resembles the top IT platforms in the world. namely n8n.io interface.

i want to make sure that all componenets work and pull well from the DB as well as push information to the respective DBs and even email for the communication types of pages



Set-ExecutionPolicy -Scope Process -ExecutionPolicy Bypass
& "$env:USERPROFILE\Downloads\setup-autostart.ps1"


Start-ScheduledTask -TaskName "JR-Backend"
Start-ScheduledTask -TaskName "JR-Frontend"

zjag vued rlsk alxm